README.md, before:

# Greasemonkey userscripts &nbsp;[![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Just%20discovered%20these%20epic%20userscripts!&url=https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts&hashtags=greasemonkey,userscripts,javascript)
MTurk, ChatGPT and other Greasemonkey userscripts. A userscript manager such as [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) is required to run these scripts.

[![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/adamlui/userscripts)](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/stargazers)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE.md)
![support](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support-Chrome/Firefox/Edge/Opera/Safari-989898.svg)
![code quality](https://img.shields.io/codefactor/grade/github/adamlui/userscripts)

---

### <picture><source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://i.imgur.com/RduASbD.png"><img width=15 alt="ChatGPT logo" src="https://openai.com/favicon.ico"></picture> [ChatGPT scripts](chatgpt)
Userscripts that utilize the astounding AI of ChatGPT. &nbsp;[View scripts](chatgpt) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <picture><source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://i.imgur.com/EuMNOTX.png"><img width=17 alt="Hide Forum Images logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/TABwyUq.png"></picture> [Hide Forum Images](hide-forum-images)
Hides images/videos from XenForo, vBulletin & Discourse forums. &nbsp;[Install](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/12639) / [Readme](hide-forum-images/README.md) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <img alt="Highlight Radio Bubbles logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/ribh0wE.png" width=15> [Highlight Radio Bubbles](highlight-radio-bubbles)
Makes bubbles bigger and more colorful when brought to focus using Tab key. &nbsp;[Install](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/26311) / [Readme](highlight-radio-bubbles/README.md) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <img alt="Amazon Mechanical Turk logo" src="https://www.mturk.com/assets/images/favicon.ico"> [MTurk scripts](mturk)
Userscripts for Amazon's Mechanical Turk. &nbsp;[View scripts](mturk) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <img alt="YouTube Classic logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/9vzrMBf.png" width=16> [YouTube Classic](youtube-classic)
Reverts YouTube to its classic design (before all the rounded corners & hidden dislikes) + redirects YouTube Shorts. &nbsp;[Install](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/456132) / [Readme](youtube-classic/README.md) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

#

[![Follow @adamlui on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/adamlui?label=Follow%20%40adamlui&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/adamlui)
<a href="https://elonsucks.org/@adam" target="_blank"><img align="bottom" src="https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109387703022229926?domain=https%3A%2F%2Felonsucks.org&style=social" alt="Follow @adam on Mastodon" title="Mastodon"></a>

Commit message:

Make sure that everything is clear for this fork

README.md, after:

# Greasemonkey userscripts &nbsp;[![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Just%20discovered%20these%20epic%20userscripts!&url=https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts&hashtags=greasemonkey,userscripts,javascript)
MTurk, ChatGPT and other Greasemonkey userscripts. A userscript manager such as [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/) is required to run these scripts. This fork is to add safari support using the Userscripts extension. THE ONLY SCRIPT BEING EDITED IS DUCKDUCKGPT! ALL OTHER SCRIPTS ARE IDENTICAL TO THE ORIGINAL!

[![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/adamlui/userscripts)](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/stargazers)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE.md)
![support](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support-Chrome/Firefox/Edge/Opera/Safari-989898.svg)
![code quality](https://img.shields.io/codefactor/grade/github/adamlui/userscripts)

---

### <picture><source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://i.imgur.com/RduASbD.png"><img width=15 alt="ChatGPT logo" src="https://openai.com/favicon.ico"></picture> [ChatGPT scripts](chatgpt)
Userscripts that utilize the astounding AI of ChatGPT. &nbsp;[View scripts](chatgpt) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <picture><source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://i.imgur.com/EuMNOTX.png"><img width=17 alt="Hide Forum Images logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/TABwyUq.png"></picture> [Hide Forum Images](hide-forum-images)
Hides images/videos from XenForo, vBulletin & Discourse forums. &nbsp;[Install](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/12639) / [Readme](hide-forum-images/README.md) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <img alt="Highlight Radio Bubbles logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/ribh0wE.png" width=15> [Highlight Radio Bubbles](highlight-radio-bubbles)
Makes bubbles bigger and more colorful when brought to focus using Tab key. &nbsp;[Install](https://greasyfork.org/scripts/26311) / [Readme](highlight-radio-bubbles/README.md) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <img alt="Amazon Mechanical Turk logo" src="https://www.mturk.com/assets/images/favicon.ico"> [MTurk scripts](mturk)
Userscripts for Amazon's Mechanical Turk. &nbsp;[View scripts](mturk) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

### <img alt="YouTube Classic logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/9vzrMBf.png" width=16> [YouTube Classic](youtube-classic)
Reverts YouTube to its classic design (before all the rounded corners & hidden dislikes) + redirects YouTube Shorts. &nbsp;[Install](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/456132) / [Readme](youtube-classic/README.md) / [Discuss](https://github.com/adamlui/userscripts/discussions)

#

[![Follow @adamlui on GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/adamlui?label=Follow%20%40adamlui&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/adamlui)
<a href="https://elonsucks.org/@adam" target="_blank"><img align="bottom" src="https://img.shields.io/mastodon/follow/109387703022229926?domain=https%3A%2F%2Felonsucks.org&style=social" alt="Follow @adam on Mastodon" title="Mastodon"></a>
